Retire RAW partitions (#8103)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/t-sql/statements/create-database-transact-sql.md

SIZE, MAXSIZE, and FILEGROWTH parameters can be set when a UNC path is specified for the file.

> If the file is on a raw partition, *os_file_name* must specify only the drive letter of an existing raw partition. Only one data file can be created on each raw partition. Note - raw partitions are not supported in SQL Server 2014 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the file is on a raw partition, *os_file_name* must specify only the drive letter of an existing raw partition. Only one data file can be created on each raw partition.

> [!NOTE]  
> Raw partitions are not supported in SQL Server 2014 and later versions.
```
